Update README.md - clarification of CALLBACK methods (#48)
nrwiersma/ConfigManager: README.md

```
void setAPCallback(std::function<void(WebServer*)> callback)
```

> > Create a custom http endpoint when the device is running in AP mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Sets a function that will be called when the WebServer is started in AP mode allowing custom HTTP endpoints to be created.
```

### setAPICallback
```
void setAPICallback(std::function<void(WebServer*)> callback)
```

> > Create a custom http endpoint when the device is running in API/Settings mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Sets a function that will be called when the WebServer is started in API/Settings mode allowing custom HTTP endpoints to be created.
```
